are you all so fucking dedicated to either making me live with my joys poisoned by you creatures fucked up games and secondary meanings or letting me age until i die seemingly young in the real world ?

or is it 'everyone has to be insane the same way we are' to know ?

trying to understand the point of not allowing me to get better.
i want to enjoy things again without feeling the poison of the bullshit you people do to cheapen literally everything.

fort collins wants to quietly amp up my feeligs of distress until they boil over and i get shoved back in time because i forget the trauma and waste that their 'lifestyle' embodies.

all so what i can end up back here again ?

same as I did as a young man after having been here as a child ?

just gonna get rid of the good years of not knowing and living well that were PAST 2020 and 2021 ?

hmm.. how convenient for people wasting their own lives because their fucking pervert child rapers.

do you know what amuses john here ?

everyone else of these weak little fucks.
they gave in.
they sold their souls to drive around in a fucking car once they know.
or for some drugs
or some rape
or some sex
or whatever table scraps you fucking garbage throw their way.

not me.
not at all.

my goal has always been the same, to leave and to retain memories and move on.

their goals is to live in teh same circle.

the young ones smirk and act the same over and over and smirk some more and get old.
good for them.

to see so many people so proud of being such self destructive morons that are actually smug about this. its breathtaking. heh
and not in a good way.

suffocating might be a better word.

and personally i'm sick of picking apart the why and why these people are damaged and what is wrong with them because in general they have no desire to change, they're probably all past redemption, and they cannot be trusted in any way.
they dont feel the way a human feels
they dont think the way a human thinks

they are to us, as the huns are to the tibetans.

and that is a tad flattering since they dont really seem capable of standing up to anything that isnt 200 lbs lighter than them.