
1. Start control window with nodeintegration and web browser pointing to initial local climate data download page
2. Load set of helper functions (minestations.js) into LCD window everytime it navigates
3. Set up IPC for renderer and main threads, one on control window one on index.js thread
4. Allow control window to be used to test the leech process by passing a few arguments to the main process
5. Call the channel 'nochochannel'
6. Load lcd.json which will contain the mined climate station ids
7. Stagger the leech so as not to violate ToS (they want something like 400 station hours or less per download request)
8. Maintain past data and leech daily in smaller number to gather more data.
9. Set up script calls to be puppeted by index.js on each page load
10. Go through this process:
    a. control window sends downloadoptions to main thread
    b. main thread breaks download request down into smaller units (under 400 station hours each)
    c. main thread iterates through the smaller task units doing the following:
        i. push selected item ids via javascript injection into page
        ii. call minestations addCartData for each item 
        iii. call GoToCart()
        iv. once page navigation completes call DownloadOptionsPage()
        v.  once page navigates call DownloadSubmission()
        vi.  get order number from page which will be populated into the textbox control on page as well
        vii. every so many seconds click the "check now" button, will need function for this.
        viii. check status field for 'complete' on page reload, then click 'download button'
        ix. handle download event, on download finished send lcdwindow back to start and continue processing queue

notes: lcd window session times out after inactivity annoyingly. keep the page busy.
notes: for some reason the download event attached to MAINWINDOW is the one that fires when a download occurs.
notes: data gets delivered as a single csv file. more processing is necessary to make this useful at all.

I think the code fires in mainwindow's process because a new window is opened to handle the download.
would be nice to know if a reference to this window can be captured so it can be closed on completion.
however the download status wait actually is working properly.

remember working on this before, dont know why they have to keep cutting things off

truthfullky they should know they're only entrapping themselves. these assholes spout a bunch of self love shit that 
is like music to the ear of some piece of baby raping garbage or anyone who has wounded self esteem about 
getting some future they deserve so they dont do anything but try to impede the progression of others
which in general hurts them because more pieces of the puzzle would be filled in allowing someone to 
get out of this and survive and perhaps even open the eyes of others

censorship in that aspect is hurting EVERYONE not just them and not just us.