CanadaWarbler
CumberlandDusky
PineWarbler
did this before.
for people that they trust being all around, they are all sure doing the same fucked up shit
the choice seems to be 'be labotomized willfully or we'll force it on you'
heh.
all for what ?

i dont see a mistake.
i see people who were willfully ruined and made into slaves
and i see a system that just drags everyone in one way or another
and is a huge layered stack of lies.
not small lies either except as they reinforce each other in broader lies.

for example, i can say that most if not every cop i have come across is it would seem 
a dirty chomo like the ones in colorado.
or knows something about this
in short no honest people wanted to be cops if they had other easider options and here we are.
human evolution having backfired everyone wants to live forever so noone wants to 
take any risks because danger is not really present and also these people are so 
selfish they'd literally throw their own childrne to the wolves if they were allowed.
many of them likely do.
not even kidding.
and for pleasure, not in the normal literary sense of to get away by being the fastest runner.

we are on a pretty sound path of deevolution where the seeds of the best of us have not been it would seem
quite so fairly judged and often have been collected by no good whores they're entrapping
who try to kidnap and sell our unborn and its become such a sick joke they apparently feel
that they can get away with anything anyway so they seem to do this more
for their entertainment than anything.

and what is left really ?
cynical mindsets combined with a lack of creativity and progress wich they reinforce
i honestly dont want to live in this country anymore and its a feeling 
i felt many times before but the walking cancer they represent is all over the 
place where impovershed or hardup individuals had small families or no families at all
which they took advantage of.

where are all the decent people or even realistically ordinarily perverse people ?
these people all parade their children about to their pervert friends and sell them to rich perverts to make their lives better.

then they try to delete all record of the time period and force EVERYONE through the same shit.

how is this fair or right to people who were just victimized by them and didnt remember shit until much later and life
who didnt turn out like them in the most important ways ?

well.
they're all getting old.
and introducing new assholes into this area at least at a very very slow rate
so the main question is wtf is going on in pa ?
whats going on period ?
where are all the remaining normal people ?
their system is a form of passive slavery, that fucks up the mind and drags people around in circles
and they think they're free most often unntil the cage closes
my own piece of shit father is attending the same events and stuck 
driving dirty old people around.
course that is not for certain.
what is for certain is time didnt used to be like this in my lifetime

and the only way i got in trouble in the first place is SHOCKER trying to explore 
MY OWN COUNTRY. which prompted me finding where i was raped at.
because they knew who i was.
funny thing is it took very very guided exposure and wasting of my time under other guises to 
introduce me to the 'truth' and personally i'd have rather thought my father was just a normal piece of shit
asshole who was never around when he was truly needed.
not a piece of shit asshole who sold little children and helped import chinese children from worker camps behind factories
to be sold into the sex slave market stateside under the guise of being 
adopted.

i hate him and i had every reason to do so. he was a destructive and violent influence in my life
only held in check by some strange series of rules and trades i dont even understand as i have no use for their crap.

but something compels them to SORT OF act normal or did. probably to use me as the child who would swear up and down they didnt believe
what their parnet was, if ever confronted, because of the fear of the truth that was embedded in my brain that caused me to 
drop and repress and block out the mind shattering truth that my dear old dad at a sensitive developmental age stood by and not only watched me be raped
but loudly blamed me for it and then did shit like leave me in jail for a few days as a child to reinforce forgetting etc and that
these people are all dirty cold  hearted callous scum that would be better off dead for the sake of the world their twisted
teenage garbage child molesters along with them.

happily many of them still get killed, beaten, and used in ways that would make someone who didnt understand exactly how horrible they are blance.

to that effect this prison seems to have been constructed, this moving prison of behavioral patterning.

unfortunately, they drag people like me into this because they are meanspirited garbage that cant stand anyone most especially their own offspring 
being happy or doing well or even being better looking than they are etc 

most of them sell their own sons and daughters as whores.
starting at very young ages.

and then they think everything is funny even as they drive around like a leering retarded clown doing literally the SAME THINGS starting in their teenage years onwards in place of a life.
most of them dont realize how fucked they are or dont want to look at it and their whole life passes by  
while others such as myself who are innocent of all THAT at least, if not other things (like noone is 100% innocent of all crime or fau pas etc) 
get stuck among them and have that aspect of their mind triggered to aid them in erasing their own lives in favor of a deeper and deeper bored broken fucking record groove.


the part in the new shitty version of roald dahl's book witches where the grand witch is unmasked ans sniffing around like a dog for a hidden kid is like all of them unmasked.

and btw having lived in a generation with dark crystal and the second wizard of oz etc etc and the original wicthes i would never let a small kid see this particular version. jesus christ !

it would be like letting them see the version of IT from 10 or so years ago in reality!

and yes just about every other movie from this time period seemed depressing and well once you see people die, get mutilated, killed and realize you're surrounded by child abusing garbage and the world has been cut off in its prime and noones dreams will ever come true except those of rapists and pedophiles and temporarily at that 
you really dont want to see more depressing shit. like seriously occasional edgy shit is one thing, but horror is the new norm along with teh erosion of all belief in human gooddness because some bitter old loser prison bound faggot baby touchers who had alot of money and despised the happiness of other people decided to formulate a systematic way
of ruining people.
which spread like wildfire
because people in general arent very motivated to reproduce, just tyo have sex etc.


is it just that they arent really releasing anything creative or new and we're stuck in a rut cinema wise or with absolute letdowns like game of thrones, which was written by a 60 year old nerd anyway....
or... are we just having them filtered out ? still ?

like.. seriously.
i think they;re just creating subsets which are only crap and showing those to people during this time period stuck in their weird ass fantasy land where everyone is a damaged piece of garbage like they are.
maybe it makes them think they arent missing much because 'history is a bad joke'.

and btw, wtf. the kids dont get turned back at the end of that crap I skipped through most of just because it pretty much sucked ?