every time i fall on my face or get hurt you people need to suffer for your deceit.
I was a perfectly healthy young man when all this started and you fucking people introduced all kinds of psychological problems deriving from your being fucking baby rapers like my father who get off on cruelty and cheaply and falsely acquired feelings of power.

remember that the system works both ways and i think its time john zimmerman the asshole dirty cop from colorado has some embolisms and thats just for starters.

stop wasting my life, i'm only here because i wandered here, just like i was only raped here because my piece of shit father john quay sohn manipulated me into following someone, and i'm only here presently after many years of  manipulating me into despising him and turning down help when he offers after years of him doing the OPPOSITE when i really needed him and covering up starving his daughter, fattening his son and getting both raped.

additionally he rufied me a few times.
so.

yeah we have some problems now, one of them is when this project DIDNT include a bunch of truthful references to what the scum fuck was doing, it being deleted.

noone would believe how insnae you people are, but well, so far as I can tell from the goofy psycho inhabitants of colorado and other areas, including parts of pa, dc metro, ny, portland and chicago you people really are the most queer fucked up assholes living in the most ridiculous silly and alarmingly perverse child rape oriented and abuse oriented bent of meaning any retard ever could have thought up, suffering from intentionally induced neurological miswiring that you all further.


justice in the eyes of the csu pd is apparently pointing weapons at peacefully surrending men with clear criminal records that dont hurt anyone, but letting rapists carrying around dual  machetes off with a non lethal weapon pointing and a warning.
smart.

apparently fort collins pd is big on arresting people for getting beaten up who dont like being yelled at and tell chomo cunts to fuck off.


btw all the property you fucking people arranged to get 'lost', like laptops, my real diploma, my real birth certificate, photos, hard drives, journals, writing, books, clothing etc.

ever decided to return those or anything, like actually return not try to force people who ARE NOT pedophiles, like all of you fucking people to relive their lives and recreate everything after suffering an acute memory lapse ?

and ever do anythin about susan sohn and john quay sohn selling their grandchild out of their basement apparently ?
or the imposter pretending to be robert k sohn ?

and while we're on the subject.

how about the years in jail you people deleted acting like you were doing us a favor, by otherwise railroading innocent men through the justice system and serving them ultimatums to either be quiet or stay there ?
or how about telling me to lay in prison without moving for close to a straight year or you'd rape my kid ? just curious.

seems to me like you fucking people should be dead or in prison, so why is it you're all sitting here bugging john r sohn, who came here fleeing poverty and homelessness trying to get a new start, because his piece of shit faggot chomo father ditched him when he needed help so he could find poverty and homelessness in the town and state in which he was raped and forgot about until he was like ~38 years old ?

how about those initial 5 years of back and forth lost and the dirty cops and feds that tricked him ?